ersons in a special access program are using advanced communication equipment that generates synthetic electrical activity in the brain by driving EMF (electomotive force by causing induced electric and magnetic fields over the brain) . The system generates synthetic electromagnetic fields over the brain from long distances (hundreds of km) . The system is being used on Mr.Seidel to force communicate to him about topics against his will in the past. Now the system is being used to generate electric fields over Mr.Seidels head that are inhibiting the Broca and Werneck area of his brain , which is making him incapable of being able to think or communicate. Persons in a special access program are doing this to him , while using other electromagnetic pulsing capabilities that allow the remote contracture of muscles . The system tracks the muscles and neurons of the body in real time and allows aiming of electromagnetic waves at the correct region of the neuron to generate an induction current that will cause an action potential and contract the muscle in the correct magnitude and force. The system can track and target all the muscles in the body and it allows the contracting of muscles at low latency in groups and synchronization. This software is military software in an undisclosed special access program. The system is being tested on Mr.Seidel against his will while he is at his house in violation of his rights. Persons have used this system on him against his will for over 20 months. Persons in the special access program have the ability to contract muscles in synchonization and in groups with the ability to perform any action or muscle sequence (it is so fine enough control it can make a person do ballet) . The system is advanced and classified - This is a leak of the system . 

Mr.Seidel was forced to communicate and provide labor to this special access program by them forcing him to be on a computer using similiar and the same technology (persons forced him to sit down at his computer everday and almost everyday without him knowing. The technology is so advanced that persons can make a person perform actions without them being aware they are being interacted with. Persons used this technology to force Mr.Seidel to spend all his time on the internet and 4chan.org/pol/ against his will . Persons forced human trafficked him by forcing him to spend his time on the internet by forcing him against his will to sit down using the electronic contraction of muscles using electromagnetic waves. The software can make a persons perform any set of actions or actions. It is the most advanced software in the world. A person can be unaware they are affected by the software without advanced electronic sensing equipment . Persons in the special access program forced Mr.Seidel to perform action and routing against his will using these classified advanced capabalties and other capabalties.

and force action through remote classified electronic communication means in 2020 and before to 2015 . 

Persons have rootkit access to all Mr.Seidels devices and home network and internet and computer using rootkit software from other persons in the special access program. The special access program isusing advanced and classified software



Mr.Seidel was forced to communicate and provide labor to this special access program by them forcing him to be on a computer using similiar and the same technology (persons forced him to sit down at his computer everday and almost everyday without him knowing. The technology is so advanced that persons can make a person perform actions without them being aware they are being interacted with. Persons used this technology to force Mr.Seidel to spend all his time on the internet and 4chan.org/pol/ against his will . Persons forced human trafficked him by forcing him to spend his time on the internet by forcing him against his will to sit down using the electronic contraction of muscles using electromagnetic waves. The software can make a persons perform any set of actions or actions. It is the most advanced software in the world. A person can be unaware they are affected by the software without advanced electronic sensing equipment . Persons in the special access program forced Mr.Seidel to perform action and routing against his will using these classified advanced capabalties and other capabalties.

and force action through remote classified electronic communication means in 2020 and before to 2015 .

 

The ability to perform series of muscle contractions to set a persons actions and behaviors is not noticed by the person the electromagnetic capabalties are targeting depending on the pulse power ,pulse frequency and other neurlogical sections of the brain and spinal cord that can be inhibited to stop the return signal up the spinal column (classified) . Persons can generate electromotive force on the regions of the brain that make a person notice the movement of the muscles(the return electromagnetic pulse sent after the muscle has moved) can be inhibited for all muscles - meaning a person can have their actions and muscles contracted (even walking down the street , or forced to stay at a computer and click buttons (even while they think , or think they are there on their own accord) ) . While the system and operators of the equipment set the action and routine of the person using sophisticated computer software and radio tracking equipment.

 

This system is being used to traffic other persons around the country. The system is so advanced it can copy the "Boston Dynamics" type behavior of a humanoid system. Meaning humans can be automated to perform tasks by having their muscles contracted in the correct magnitude , correct order , with the correct fine precision to perform a sequence of actions . 

 

The system can inhibit a persons voicebox and the associated regions and the system can be used to "talk of their own mouth" meaning persons who are operators of the computer system which can do this can transmit audio out of your own mouth at the correct pitch ,frequency, and speed ( by controlling the rate of air pressure , tension of the vocal cords, and ocntracting all the required muscles needed for phonation and articulation and accessory muscles of the phase with pulses of electromagnetic energy at the corrected frequency , phase , pulse rate , and with the correct magnetic and electricfield values necessary to cause an induction current which can cause a synthetic action potential. The system can generate these synthetic action potentials at varying rates and frequencies . 

Persons are forcing Mr.Seidel currently to have synthetic speech and synthetic muscle contraction out of his own mouth and as torture. Persons have been torturing him using electromagnetic waves and directed energy capabalties since Febuary of 2021.

 

The ability to perform series of muscle contractions to set a persons actions and behaviors is not noticed by the person the electromagnetic capabalties are targeting depending on the pulse power ,pulse frequency and other neurlogical sections of the brain and spinal cord that can be inhibited to stop the return signal up the spinal column (classified)





From Febuary 2021 to ongoing.

 

Persons in a special access program have since 2015 and early 2016 forced Mr.Seidel against his will to perform actions and routines using advanced classified muscle contracture abilities. Persons with these capabilities applied them to Mr.Seidels body clandestinely . Persons set his routine from when he was awake to when he was alseep. These capabalties are used on the muscles and nerves that connect the muscles , it allows the pulsing of very low frequency electromagnetic pulses at the nerves to contract the muscles at the correct magnitude and frqequency to move the body into any anatomical position sequentially at low latency. The system can have any groups of muscles or any muscle contract indepenently . The system can be used to make a person walk around , operate equipment or tools , or even perform exercise . The system is unnoticcable because the return electrical impulse from a synthetically generated one does not follow the same physiolgical route to the brain meaning that your brain is unaware. Also inhibitor fields that pulse electromagnetic energy in the opposite direction of those action potentials are applied via pulsing VLF and ELF frequencies at the correct location to impede the normal physiological and neurolgical return impulses that your muscles produce when they move - meaning a person who is under these capabalties is unaware they the capabalties are being applied to their body. - REAL - CLASSIFIED

 

Persons used these capabilities on Mr.Seidel against his will from 2015-2020 , persons forced him to sit on a website mentioned below. Persons forced him on this website and also used synthetically generated electrical activity in the brain to stimulate the brain. Persons can pulse synthetic electrical activity in the brain in the correct region to stimulate synthetic internal monologue in a person. Persons in the special access program can also record the electrical fields and magnetic fields over the brain remotely by pulsing varying high and low electromagnetic frequencies through the brain and recording the magnitude of change when they interact with the magnetic fields and electric fields off the brain as well as the induction currents formed. When the applied VLF and ELF fields return to the receiver they have interacted with the electro and magnetic fields of the brain and have changed from these fields and the induction current formed which changes the applied field. When the applied fields interact with a carrier field it changes and is detected by a long range receiver. Data can be parsed out of the information in real time about the changes in the carrier field and how it interacted with the applied field which would show information about the induction current and the already present fields of the brain. Complex physics are required to explain this which are classified. Basically the induction current and the already present fields of the brain are in the picotesla magnitude and they change the applied fields which inturn changes the carrier field. The principle of superpostion and independent component anaylsis along with complex physics that deliniate the phase and the magnitude are applied to pull out realtime vector information about the strenght of magnetic and the associated electric fields in the brain in the correct coordinate frame.Meaning that realtime information can be pulled out off the brain about the position and magnitude of the electric fields of the brain.This information has been corleated back into realtime infromation about the brain such as information about the visual cortex and auditory cortex - meaning persons with this technology can turn the subvocal speech/internal monologue that a person is thinking back into the real time "audio" and can listen to it through a headset.Persons can also do this with the real time vision your eye is seeing.Meaning that persons can reconstruct the visual field and occipital lobe electric fields

CONT...

timeline of the ongoing situation.CONT from above... Meaning that persons can reconstruct the visual field and occipital lobe electric fields . Meaning persons with this technology can watch out of your eyes in real time. Persons used the remote muscle contracture technology, the ability to reconstruct the eye signals in real time, the ability to reconstruct the auditory singnals in real time(to hear out of ears also) , and the ability to reconstruct the internal monologue and visual cortex in real time on Mr.Seidel since 2015 and 2016 (and possibly before). Persons used this technology on Mr.Seidel against his will as part of a testing program ran by the Department of Defense. Persons used this technology on Mr.Seidel and used the electric field data collected to a varying of purposes. The reasons the data was collected and what happened with the data collected including the raw neurological data and though data needs to be examined by the FBI. Persons used Mr.Seidels raw electric field data and data they collected about his life to make money , make decisions and to perform actions using the technology (without informing Mr.Seidel). Persons using electric field data and information collected from Mr.Seidel to affect decisions on how this technology was used and on how to make decisions about certain subjects and topics and threads. Unbewnost to Mr.Seidel. Persons forced him to sit on a computer from 2016-2020 looking at current events and other information of intrest while collecting raw electric field and "though data" from Mr.Seidel. Persons used this information to make decisions about domestic events and international geopolitcal events. Starting in 2020 and 2021 persons tricking Mr.Seidel using a classified commmunication capabality that generates synthetic electrical activity in the head - which can be magnitude matches to match the pitch and frequency of anyones voice on the planet. Also used it on persons and parties too to communicate to them or to interact with the parties that they told Mr.Seidel about. Persons in the special access program tricked Mr.Seidel (before and during his torture) that he was consulting with members of the White House , members of the military and members of the Armed Forces and other members of the Public and Federal goverment. Persons used these conversations collected from the classified neurological capabalties and electric field recording and transmitting capabalties (that can generate and collect electric field data that can be used to communicate between persons - SYNTHETIC TELEPATHY - CLASSIFIED - ) to trick him and to force him to consult and work on problems against his will. Persons did this to him while they tortured him with electromagnetic waves and microwaves. Persons tricked Mr.Seidel that they were "THE ACTIVITY" which is JSOC -ISA . Persons tricked Mr.Seidel that they were military doing this and used this classified communication equipment to communicate with Mr.Seidel against his will and to force him to come up with ideas against his will. Persons have claimed they used this technology on persons in the Federal Goverment and Executive Branch and Legislative Branch, Judicial Branch and other State Goverments and members of the public. Persons used this technology on these persons and used ideas and thoughts Mr.Seidel had and other peoples to transmit ideas and affect decision making. Persons have since then tortured Mr.Seidel at his house since 2022 and used classified electric field capabalties on Mr.Seidel for trying to turn them in. Persons are using the muscle contraction system on Mr.Seidel and not letting him communicate what is happening to him. Persons are writing this message for him so that the FBI investigates what happened.

Persons have used the occipital lobe reconstruction ability and the auditory and visual lobe reconstruction ability to monitor and collect electric field data off Mr.Seidel, persons used this data and the associated reconstruction of this data into the real time images the eye sees, the real time sound the ears hear , the real time “internal monologue” , and the real time “visual memory” and other real time information about the brain to make and affect decision making about domestic and geopolitical events. Mr.Seidel was kept on 4chan.org/pol/ since 2015 and 2016 looking at current events and political information , persons were using the responses he had to threads , and other information they made him look at by contracting his hands or altering his feed or what they posted at the same time using rootkit access or other means.

Persons used the information they gained from Mr.Seidel to affect decision making and to transmit information and considerations to persons head or to persons around persons. In 2020 during the coronavirus persons contacted him using the technology and then tricked him who it was and why they contacted him. Persons were using the technology on Mr.Seidel unbeknownst to him.Personss used his ideas and thoughts and transmitted them and used the data and ideas and advice they collected and used the technology to affect decision making domestically and internationally.

Persons started to torture Martin Seidel in 2021 using the microwaves and directed energy system, persons took away his full autonomy over his body in 2021 . Persons have applied an electric field in 2022 that inhibits his ability to think or communicate and are now using the technology on him at maximum settings to control and contract all his movements. Persons refuse to turn off this technology

Persons who applied this technology tricked Mr.Seidel he was working for the White House in secret and working with the military in secret on high level problems. Solutions to problems have been transmitted to persons at the Executive Level and to persons in the military without their knowledge or consent using the technology.

Mr.Seidel tried to turn in these persons in to the FBI and to Law Enforcement but his efforts are being impeded considering all his actions are being set using the remote muscle contraction software and he has an electric field around his brain making him unable to think , also persons are using the muscle contraction abilities of the voicebox , diaphragm and muscles to inhibit his ability to talk unless persons in the special access program transmit the message.

Persons did use Mr.Seidels ideas and thoughts collected from advanced electronic capabilities that can reconstruct data from the electric fields of the brain aquired from passing VLF and ELF over the brain to make decisions , to consult and provide advice, and to make considerations and decisions on how technology was used. 

MORE INFORMATION LATER(about what happened since 2015-2020 and what happened from 2021 to 2023)  - currently writing out what happened. 

Please forward this to the FBI , please forward this to NCIS, please forward this to Office of Special Investigators Air Force. 